configure terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
aironet-31(config)#hostname aironet-31
aironet-31(config)#dot11 ssid 31-welcome-ivan
aironet-31(config-ssid)#vlan 31
aironet-31(config-ssid)#authentication open
aironet-31(config-ssid)#authentication key-management wpa
aironet-31(config-ssid)#wpa-psk ascii C1sc0123
aironet-31(config-ssid)#guest-mode
aironet-31(config-ssid)#default Int Dot11Radio 0
Cannot disable station-role

Interface Dot11Radio0 set to default configuration
aironet-31(config)#default interface gigabitEthernet 0
%command not allowed, cannot remove bridge-group 1
Interface GigabitEthernet0 set to default configuration
aironet-31(config)#int dot11radio 0
aironet-31(config-if)#no shut
aironet-31(config-if)#channel 1
aironet-31(config-if)#encryption mode ciphers tkip
aironet-31(config-if)#encryption vlan 31 mode ciphers tkip
aironet-31(config-if)#ssid 31-welcome-ivan
aironet-31(config-if)#exit
aironet-31(config)#interface dot11radio 0.31
aironet-31(config-subif)#encapsulation dot1q 31 native
aironet-31(config-subif)#bridge-group 1
aironet-31(config-subif)#exit
aironet-31(config)#end
aironet-31#